This is a small PHP library that allows you to easily control F5 pool
members.

There are 3 scripts

1. View Pool -> view_pool.php

This is a "pretty" web view of the pool state. There is a drop-down menu
that allows you to easily change the view

2. List Pool State

A plain text version that shows pool_state. It may be useful if you want
to log the state of the pool before you do something. You can invoke it
from the command line or from the web ie.

list_pool_status.php --pool=Web-PROD

or web

wget -q -O - http://server/f5/list_pool_status&pool=Web-PROD

3. Control Pool Member

Most useful script :-). Control a pool member. You can invoke it via command
line or from the web e.g.

 php control_pool_member.php --pool=WEB-Prod --server=192.168.230.222 --port=80 --action=enable

or

 wget -q -O - http://bla/f5/control_pool_member.php?pool=WEB-Prod&server=192.168.230.222&port=80&action=enable

 There is an optional argument force which you can use with disable ie. --force=1.
 Trick is that if you disable a pool member clients that e.g. have a valid
 session (per persistence profile) can still access the server. If you want
 to boot those off you have to force offline the node. Alternatively you
 may want to disable, wait for a while then force offline.
 
 
Configuration
=============

You will need to create a file called config.php. In it you will at a
minimum have to add your load balancers  and admin password e.g.

<?php
$loadbalancers = array("fw1", "fw2");

$password = "supersecret";

?>

You can override any of the variables in config.default.php in config.php.

There is also an option to cache things like active LB, list of pools in
memcache to reduce some of the unnecessary traffic. You can enable it by
setting

$cache_results = 1;
